New: Roadmap blog post (#773)
eslint/website: _posts/2020-08-28-eslint-public-roadmap.md

---
title: "Announcing ESLint's public roadmap"
tags:
  - Sponsorships
  - Donations
  - Roadmap
  - Planning
---

# Announcing ESLint's public roadmap

When ESLint [first started accepting donations](https://eslint.org/blog/2019/02/funding-eslint-future), we listed several ways that the project intended to spend the money donated:

* **Paying team members for maintenance and development.** We hired our first part-time maintainer, [Kai Cataldo](https://github.com/kaicataldo), and started paying TSC members on a per-hour basis up to $1,000 each month (the maximum we can afford at the moment).
* **Rewarding contributions from the community.** We have given spot bonuses to people who have made significant contributions to ESLint.
* **Improve documentation.** We are participating in the [2020 Google Season of Docs](https://eslint.org/blog/2020/08/eslint-google-season-of-docs-project-writer) to improve our documentation.

> * **Better communication and support.** Paying team members has allowed us to participate in the monthly TC-39 tooling meeting and allowed us to pay contributors to help answer questions both in GitHub and in Discord.

Reviewer: The folks at Stack\&nbsp;Overflow have me double-checking punctuation in proper names :laughing:

```suggestion
* **Better communication and support.** Paying team members has allowed us to participate in the monthly TC39 tooling meeting and allowed us to pay contributors to help answer questions both in GitHub and in Discord.
```

> * **Developing a Roadmap.** Today, we are announcing our first public roadmap!

Reviewer: 18 months after publishing this list of goals, I'm impressed with the team's collective follow-through. In addition to what's mentioned here, while I don't have the quantitative metrics, I'd bet we've reduced the number of outstanding issues/PRs as well as the time it takes us to get a first response to each new one. Well done team :clap:
